changecom(`/*', `*/')dnl

# dc_title

---
creation date: 2024-04-28
modification date: 2024-04-28
dewey: "813.6"
---
# Ejected from Family & Marriage

The note read:

_Dear Susanne_

_Congratulations on your retirement and imminent move to France. I'm on vacation and most likely will not be back before your embarkation, so let me say "Bon Voyage."_

_All the best —Simon_

Charlotte asked, "What was Dad thinking? He's been so supportive of you all these years."

Mom said, "We're all a bit confused, Charlotte. Tom, could you help us understand?"

Tom looked at his mother and sister. "Are you two being purposely obtuse, or are you just deluded? I'll tell you exactly what he was thinking."

Tom sadly sighs and begins, "Well,

1. Retirement is one of life's most important milestones, and you kept it a secret from Dad.
2. You threw a party to celebrate your retirement. You invited our whole family but did not invite Dad.
3. You introduced your family to the party without a mention of Dad.
4. You kissed your CEO with a passion I have not seen you have with your husband in years.
5. You said, 'We're moving to France in two weeks. ' Were you going alone, with the CEO, or your lover? You never indicated you and your husband.
6. You finished the night in a hotel room with your possible lover, spending the whole retirement day without spending any time seeing or talking with your husband.

You have successfully **ejected** Dad from his family and **ejected** your husband from your marriage."

Mom exclaimed, "It was supposed to be a surprise!"

Tom could not keep his tongue, "You succeeded. I'm sure he was surprised!"

Charlotte asked, "What does his note mean?"

"It means Dad is gone."

"That is not like him!"

"Has Dad ever gotten so mad that he was screaming and calling you nasty names?"

"No."

"Did Dad continuously sacrifice for us to live better?"

"Yes."

"How awkward and uncomfortable would he be over the next two to three weeks if he was here with Mom getting ready to leave for France with her possible lover?"

"Oh my God!"

Tom says, "Yes, let's drive to IHOP for breakfast. I'll pay." 


\newpage

## Colophon

| Field            | Value                               |
|------------------|-------------------------------------|
| Project No.      | dc_identifier_proj                  |
| Document Func.   | dc_identifier_func                  |
| Document Type    | dc_format                           |
| Document No.     | dc_identifier_doc                   |
| Publication Date | dc_date                             |
| Rights           | dc_rights                           |
| License          | dc_rights_license                   |
| Source           | [dc_source](dc_source)              |

## Abstract

dc_description_abstract

### Keywords

* dc_keyword_1
* dc_keyword_2
* dc_keyword_3
* dc_keyword_4
* dc_keyword_5
* dc_keyword_6
